---
Type: article
Authors: Shu Huang, Jacqueline M. Cole
Year: 2020
Title: A database of battery materials auto-generated using ChemDataExtractor
Journal: Scientific Data
Pages: 260
DOI: 10.1038/s41597-020-00602-2
Publisher: 
Place: 
---

# A database of battery materials auto-generated using ChemDataExtractor-(2020)
### Shu Huang, Jacqueline M. Cole
[==*Read it now! See in Zotero*==](zotero://select/items/@2020-Huang-Database-SD)
**Web:** [Open online](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41597-020-00602-2)
**Citekey:** 2020-Huang-Database-SD
**Tags:** [[NLP]]

## Abstract
Abstract A database of battery materials is presented which comprises a total of 292,313 data records, with 214,617 unique chemical-property data relations between 17,354 unique chemicals and up to five material properties: capacity, voltage, conductivity, Coulombic efficiency and energy. 117,403 data are multivariate on a property where it is the dependent variable in part of a data series. The database was auto-generated by mining text from 229,061 academic papers using the chemistry-aware natural language processing toolkit, ChemDataExtractor version 1.5, which was modified for the specific domain of batteries. The collected data can be used as a representative overview of battery material information that is contained within text of scientific papers. Public availability of these data will also enable battery materials design and prediction via data-science methods. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first auto-generated database of battery materials extracted from a relatively large number of scientific papers. We also provide a Graphical User Interface (GUI) to aid the use of this database.

## Notes


## Summary
利用文本挖掘自动生成[[锂离子电池数据库]]
  
## Research Objective(s)


## Background / Problem Statement


## Method(s)
[[手动创建数据库]]
“Ghadbeigi et al.24,25 have constructed a battery material database based on experimental data, extracted manually using Datathief (http://datathief.org/).” ([Huang 和 Cole, 2020, p. 2](zotero://select/library/items/TDL556FA)) ([pdf](zotero://open-pdf/library/items/PDNRGXP8?page=2&annotation=DS4SFEZB)) Ghadbeigi等人24,25已根据实验数据构建了电池材料数据库，并使用Datathief（http://datathief.org/）手动提取。

[[ChemDataExtractor]]
## Evaluation


## Conclusion


## Notes


## References